---
title: The Weekly Scribbles - 9/22/23
authors:
  - scribe
tags: [The Weekly Scribbles]
---

## Phantom Thieves Nearly Apprehended in Bank of Xanthium Sting
A joint operation run by the Xanthium Police Force and the Lemurian Guild nearly succeeded in apprehending the infamous Phantom Thieves. They spread a false rumor of a valuable diamond being temporarily held in the Bank’s vaults and laid a trap. The Phantom Thieves narrowly managed to escape. “We have confirmed their numbers, methods, and physical characteristics,” said Rannegan, the Chief of Police. “We will be distributing this information to all local businesses. If the Thieves think they will ever be successful in my town again, they have another thing coming.” As the heist was not successfully completed, no calling card was found at the scene. However, this has not stopped suspicion that the Bank of Xanthium is involved in unscrupulous dealings. Supporters of the Phantom Thieves say that they would not target a business without cause, and even those neutral on the subject are pushing for an investigation. The bank president, Mr. Geld, dismissed the accusations as mere rumor. 

## New Cults Spreading Like Wildfire in West Neculda
A group of devout and zealous people in the Neculda County are now espousing two never before seen religions. The first centers around Dirk Stevens, author of a mildly successful line of travel guides. “HE goes before us and advises our path! HE directs our steps and all who follow and dine at HIS table will be filled with HIS power!” proclaimed a speaker to a small crowd. The second religion surrounds Feirfiz, Summoner of Angels and Light in the Darkness. They claim that Feirfiz is the son of a god from another dimension and all who follow him will be granted a path to the Father. Both Dirk and Feirfiz are members of the Lemurian Guild, who were recently sent to the region to handle a band of hill giants. Their followers are adamant that the pair are divine and not merely powerful members of the Guild. 

## Guild Found Guilty of Misconduct, Pays Fines
The Crown Inquisitors finished their investigation into the reports of misconduct within the Lemurian Guild. The Inquisitors found the Guild guilty of torture of a helpless prisoner, torture of a helpless intelligent animal, and two counts of theft and assault while performing missions. Dame Cecilia, Commander of the Guild, did not deny the events occurred but also impressed upon the investigators the difficulties of the Guild’s duty and the circumstances surrounding the events. After deliberation, the Crown issued a formal warning to the Guild and levied a hefty fine of 200,000 gp. No further sanctions or changes to reporting procedures were implemented, but the Crown warned that it would be watching more closely to ensure no further misconduct occurs. 